Bernie Sanders 2016﻿ (d)(c+)
She is a follower not a leader, her own admission that she would release the transcripts if everyone else does it should make it obvious. Also should make it obvious that whatever is in there is something that will make anyone that doesn't know what a snake in the grass she is see it clear as day.﻿ (c-)
I don't think Hillary is being completely honest about her wall street connections... I just don't buy it﻿ (c-)
	I don't feel that way, and neither does the establishment. There is a reason Hillary has almost all the super-delegates. The democratic party is making a clear statement they will do the best they can to stop Bernie Sanders.﻿ (c+)
bernie >>>>>>>>>>> hilary﻿ (d)(c+)(c-)
	thank god you can actually think﻿ (d)(u+)
Bernie Sanders, is a very empathic individual, he's not going to attack people to win, rather he leads by example and teaches his political positions in a very sympathetic and truthful way.﻿ (d)(c+)
	Or just giving Hillary a green light to pass, democrat party is very clever not damaging their candidate's reputation﻿ (c-)
	That's not how politics work though. He looks weak in an extremely tough position. You think debating with fellow Americans is hard? Try taking on international negotiations with hostile parties. Young people like Bernie because he reflects the juvenile cucks that fill the universities.﻿ (c-)
Bernie wiped the floor with Corrupt Hillary﻿ (d)(c+)(c-)
1 hour 16 minutes in and $hillary tells us how important NATO is and how we need to find MORE MISSIONS to involve them in....like wars, regime changes, and other good business opportunities for her war mongering corporate interests.  #NeverHillary﻿ (c-)
Hillary Clinton is now talking like Donald trump. Speaking in circles. Fear mongering. And talking about how supposedly "great" she is. Hillary Clinton=bullshit.﻿ (c-)
#BERNIEORBUST #STILLSANDERS﻿ (d)(c+)
Hilary acts like a victim when it is transparent she's clearly heading in to aid the 1%. Her Wall Street plans are bs.﻿ (c-)
I hope I live to see the day when we do not have to watch Low Lifes like Hillary in debates. It is honestly painful to watch her. I honestly with all my heart can't imagine how anyone can watch her and not see the wickedness in her eyes, and posture. She is just a plain BAD PERSON. If she really cared about America or the World she would  remove her self from the running. Donald Trump is a no good dufus, but I suspect if given the choice of Hilary or Donald, many would vote for Donald simply because at least he may  have a heart behind his crazy orange persona. With Hilary we know exactly what we are getting, Lies, and War.  Personally no matter what the results of the Primary I am voting for Bernie.﻿ (d)(c+)(c-)
	Bernie: Says the truth Hillary: ....... 9/11!﻿ (d)(c+)(c-)
California, please don't vote for Hillary. PLEASE! Bernie is the only decent candidate any more . Hillary send classified emails through her social email account and when the government was investigated her she deleted 15K emails!!!!!! Plus 6 years ago she was against gay marriage, 40 years ago she was for racial segregation And she doesn't give a shiny shit about the people, she only cares about her legacy and big business! June 7th... Make the right decision for you, your kids and for the rest of the world!﻿ (d)(c-)(c+)
1:38:46 #FeelTheBern﻿ (d)(c+)
Hillary is a cunt﻿ (c-)
I love this man! #berniesanders2016 #feelthebern﻿ (d)(c+)
Sucks seeing Bernie lose to Hillary when he's worked so hard to bring forth actual change.﻿ (d)(c+)
Screw Hillary. You Americans who cheer her have some serious reality issues. She is in the same exact boat as Hussein Obama,  "Find more missions". As a European, who is quite involved in major European social websites, I can tell you all one thing for sure, Europeans are getting increasingly fed up with America's politicians. After 9/11 when the US government cowardly invoked the NATO article to help us "clean" or should I say, worsen their mess caused by personal interests they left us with an immigration crisis out of this world. Europe as a continent lies right above Africa and next to the middle east, they come to us in boats daily, thousands upon. There have been confirmed ISIS soldiers in some countries in Europe. This is all thanks to the policy that thing, Clinton is standing for. USA denies most of the "refugees" dumping them on us. If she is elected President, civilian Americans will have a HARD time in Europe.﻿ (c-)
These two are so crooked.﻿ (c-)
Killary is a sociopath.﻿ (c-)
Hillary is fake. How can america not see this?﻿ (c-)(u-)
i feel that people only vote for Hillary due to her being a good speaker, but dont realize how inaccurate and flawed everything she talks about, and she never even gives an answer she just changes the subject about her and obama﻿ (c-)(u-)
All of Hillary's supporters are so damn stupid. They're yelling and hollering, cheering at the simplest of statements and promises that won't be followed through with. Very, very sad.﻿ (c-)(u-)
shillary lies so often, she doesn't even know when she's lying. gun manufacturers getting "special protection" from being sued from making legal sales? wait, did we start allowing victims of DUI accidents to sue car makers?﻿ (c-)
	lmao so true﻿ (u+)
"If somebody offers you something for free, read the fine print" - says Hillary Clinton about education and healthcare which should be a basic human right by now. People like her who call rights freebies will never bring about real progress.﻿ (c-)
	it's not a right to force somebody to pay for your healthcare...﻿ (u-)

Uses 9/11 as a pivoting point in her campaign in her opening statement...﻿ (c-)
	I know right? She always does that. Reminds me of Family Guy when Lois ran for mayor.﻿ (u+)
He's so for the people that he won't even call it 'his' campaign. He calls it 'ours'. Because his campaign is our campaign.﻿ (d)(c+)
The Democratic clown show Crazy Bernie Lying Hillary (c-)
if either of them were elected wed be fucked﻿ (c-)
America.. While Bernie is the better man, Hillary is leading the polls by a landslide, I know Bernie supporters are Die Hard and "Bern or Bust" but we all need to get behind Hillary CLinton and vote for her, or else we may have a racist, homophobic, arrogant , blowhard, idiot , ego, pompous clown in the White House.﻿ (d)(c+)
	 So is Hillary (u-)(c-)
	 You do know only one runs in the general election right?﻿ (u-)
Hillary attacks the NRA for having an influence on gun control, but any donations or relations she has aren't applicable to the same level of control. Only if Bernie had the back bone to call her out, oh well... Trump 2016﻿ (r)(c-)
Hillary would ruin this country and bernies numbers don't add up. Trump, Cruz or Kasich would be 100 times better than either of these jokers. Socialism doesn't work. E.g. Venezuela, ussr, Greece China, Cuba, Vietnam, n. Korea, Laos, Afghanistan, Albania, Angola, Benin,Bulgaria, Congo, Czechoslovakia, Ethiopia, Germany, Hungary, Mongolia, Mozambique, Poland, Romania, Somalia, Yemen, Yugoslavia.﻿ (r)(c-)(c+)
	Cruz and Kasich? I'm laughing my ass off that you even included those two. Trump or Sanders are the real anti-establishment candidates.﻿ (u-)
	anti establishment sure. Kasich is smart. I'm not a big fan of Cruz though﻿ (u+)(c-)(c+)
They're both retarded.﻿ (c-)
fuck hilbilly lol﻿ (c-)
Bernie seemed a bit flustered here, whilst Hillary came across more composed and presidential.﻿ (c+)(c-)
	and full of shit﻿ (u-)(c-)
	true﻿ (u+)
	That just means she's practiced telling her lies in the mirror, and that Bernie is afraid to tell the truth in the off chance the special interests decide to assassinate him for exposing them.﻿ (u-)(c-)
	You know you also comes off as cool calm and collected? Sociopaths... Hillery is all smoke and mirrors, thats why she comes off the way she does.﻿ (u-)(c-)
Hillary talks like Trump in a way just talking no points﻿ (c-)
yay....2 socialists arguing over who the biggest socialist is.﻿ (c-)
	 hi redneck﻿ (u-)
	 Philboy50....?﻿ Redneck is an interesting choice of words....inaccurate, but interesting. ﻿(u-)
	 as opposed to 2 bigots arguing over who the biggest bigot is?﻿ (u-)
	 Bigotry is intolerance of another's beliefs and, believe it or not, you can have opposition without intolerance. That's why our government was originally set up the way it was. Multiple opposing branches keeping each other in check. I have views that don't align with Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton, however that doesn't make me a bigot, I just have opposing views. It would seem you don't agree with me so does that make you a bigot?﻿ (u-)
	 ​....I'm not calling you a bigot. I am just following your line of reasoning to its logical end. Personally, I think alot of words are thrown around with very little regard to their meaning, thus causing alot of ruckus where none was needed.﻿
	 Democratic socialism is different from Socialism maybe research should be your friend..﻿ (u-)
	 Thank you +Connor Rilling​. I didn't think of that.﻿ (u+)
How is possible people vote for Hilary??? So dumb people...﻿ (c-)(u-)
	Because she actually has policies and knows what the fuck shes talking about﻿ (u-)(c+)
	LMAO what are u smoking﻿ (u-)
	she will fuck this country up﻿ (c-)
	She has tons of experience and knowledge that Bernie is lacking. She also has detailed plans about how to achieve her goals. Whereas Bernie is all slogan, no substance.﻿ (u-)(c+)(c-)
	Hers is funded by other interests. So how can you even call her detailed plans hers?﻿ (u-)(c-)
	Benghazi sure is experience lmao..how about the money laundering and tax evasion thru Clinton Foundation﻿ (u-)
	Cool She will be Obama 2, bet you bought his koolaid... Better off with Trump.﻿ (u-)(r)(c+)
Hillary lying for 13 minutes straight: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dY77j6uBHI ..and Hillary insulting Bernies grandchildren https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhE5py5ZLQg﻿ (c-)
stop clapping for this bitch, faggots﻿ (c-)(u-)
BERNIE BERNIE BERNIE BERNIE! GOTTA LOVE THE CROWD!﻿ (d)(c+)(u+)
right when Hillary started talking I almost impulsively went for the dislike button﻿ (c-)
Hillary's little hand motions are as fake as the bs coming out her mouth.﻿ (c-)
Bernie for president!!﻿ (d)(c+)
Hillary is trying to keep the fear of terrorism alive and well....sounds bushy﻿ (c-)
BERNIE BERNIE BERNIE BERNIE!﻿ (d)(c+)
Bernie Sanders will win the White House !﻿ (d)(c+)
The thing Hillary forgot to mention was that when she became a US Senator she did so as a carpetbagger.﻿ (c-)
I would of liked more booing for Hillary﻿ (c-)
She was boring.﻿ (c-)
in britain we had all the things that bernie wants until the eighties and it was a better place﻿ (c+)
Do you notice she uses "victims" to get her way?  First Sandy Hook and now 9/11.  I'm just noticing these in her speeches. Her campaign likes to use tragedies to her advantage.﻿ (c-)
Hilary is a fake. I dissed her in a freestyle video and exposed her for what she is. #sbg .﻿ (c-)
#BERNIEORBUST    #NOMORECLINTON #HILLARYISALIAR﻿ (d)(c+)(c-)
Bernie-"more free stuff...more free stuff...more free stuff...more free stuff...more free stuff...more free stuff...!!!!!" Clinton-"Me, me, me... I, I, I...Hate the straight, white, healthy males because they are the cause of all of your problems... more pandering...more pandering..."﻿ (c-)
#Bernie2016﻿ (d)(c+)
Look at that smug CUNT on stage.﻿ (c-)
Bernie or Bust!﻿ (d)(c+)
	lol!  Bernie got beat in NY, his home state by 300,000 votes!  Feel the burn.  He'll be done tomorrow.﻿ (c-)
	are you one of those paid Hillary trolls?  I bet you are.﻿ (u-)
	Why would Hillary need to pay for people to post for her when she's way ahead and is about to win 5 more primaries today?  She doesn't need to pay and I sure don't need to get paid to help out my country.﻿ (c+)(u-)
	Why don't you ask Hillary or her campaign manager David Brock?  They have spent over a million dollars to take down Bernie Support sites.﻿ (c-)(u-)
Jane Sanders reaction is so CUTE!! She looks so proud of our next President : BERNIE SANDERS!!﻿ (d)(c+)(u+)
That awkward pause as Hillary starts her closing speech after about 20 seconds of "BERNIE! BERNIE! BERNIE!"...the emotions were palpable....and people say momentum doesn't matter....﻿ (c+)(c-)
I wish to see my country governed by a moral leader such as Bernie Sanders. USA, you have a big chance here! Greetings from Italy!﻿ (c+)
No one drinks the Hillary KOOL AID as much as CNN.﻿ (m-)
First they ignore you, then they mock you, then they fight you, then you win.  ~Gandhi Get in on the movement! Sign up, donate, volunteer http://BernieSanders.com Learn about the Issues and Bernie’s track record http://FeelTheBern.org/  How to register to vote for Bernie http://VoteForBernie.org/ How to vote for Bernie in each state http://Vote.BernieSanders.com/﻿ (d)(c+)
Clinton:  "Now I'm sorry I have to leave so soon...I've got so many meetings after I get done pandering to you:  I have to meet with Sheldon Adelson and the Israel lobby, then the president of Goldman Sachs, I then have meet with the CEO of Lockheed Martin...I'm just swamped...Good by and God bless America!"﻿ (c-)
choose American or jewish voters  hillary ... you can't have both...﻿ (c-)
the orginal bernie!﻿ (d)(c+)
Bernie talks about the future while Hillary talks about the past that she helped fuck up in the first place.﻿ (d)(c+)(c-)
go bernie!!!!!!!!﻿ (d)(c+)
Why is it when Bernie talks you want to run a marathon, but when Hillary talks you want to take a nap. She has no oomph, we need to be inspired. Hillary has no appeal. Anyone with a great memory would vote for Bernie, if your memory is bad you tube it.  Hillary's track record is not very good. Hillary is "I"... Bernie is "We".﻿ (d)(c+)(c-)
	The people only need to be inspired if they are to continue to participate after the elections. Bernie needs us inspired to carry out the political revolution over the next many years. Hillary needs us napping to carry out the status quo.﻿ (u+)
Did you notice her Freudian slip? "Together, we won't just make promises we can't keep...I'll deliver results!"﻿ (c-)
	i think that was supposed to be a jab at bernie's big ideas actually﻿ (u-)
	Listen to the full closing statement closely. It's not a dig, she screwed up. It's the inflection...the tone. She was amping herself up to the audience after being squashed by the cheer. Closing statements are supposed to conclude why their campaign is better to leave a positive impression. The debate was over at that point. Freudian slip.﻿ (c-)(u-)
	when Hillary says results she's talking about results for corporate america﻿ (u+)(c-)
Go Hillary!!!﻿ (d)(c+)
Listening to bernie's speech and hearing the crowd chant his name with such passion, is like watching history in the making.﻿ (d)(c+)(u+)
Bernie would indeed make a great president but too bad for him Hillary has the superdelegates' votes.﻿ (c+)
	too bad you don't know the superdelegates don't make their final choice until the convention.﻿ (u-)
Score one for Bernie.﻿ (d)(c+)
The contrast between both closing statements was stark.  Bernie scored points through the debate but his closing statements were a knockout punch.﻿ (d)(c+)
Sanders > Trump > Clinton﻿ (c+)
	+Oasis S. Sanders > Dogshit > ISIS > Donald Trump / Clinton﻿ (u-)(c-)(c+)
"Bernie ! Bernie Bernie !  "  I never thought I'd get to witness an honest public servant like Bernie Sanders run for  the presidency  and have the persuasion ability to move the masses like this!!!﻿ (d)(c+)
Feel the Bern Clinton﻿ (d)(c+)
#NeverHillary﻿ (c-)
Come on USA!!!! Vote for this guy! Love from Belgium.﻿ (c+)
	There are many in our small country: https://www.facebook.com/groups/177048926016316. Join the Belgian branch of the Policital Revolution! :-D﻿ (u+)
	OMG Didn't know this. Thanks will join.﻿ (u+)
	Bilingual (Dutch or French) contributions more than welcome, my fellow Belgian. :-)﻿ (u+)
	My Dutch is not very good hahaha. I'm working on it though. I'm doing an 3 months internship in Gent.﻿
Why is that when Bernie speaks they still keep Hillary in the shot looking bored, but when Hillary is speaking Bernie disappears completely.﻿ (c-)
	CNN want Hilary to win and will do everything they can to suppress Bernie's media coverage.﻿ (m-)
	No kidding, check this out. (u+)
RIP Clinton campaign﻿ (c-)(u-)
HAHAHAH CNN too fucking scared to show the standing ovation. That's right, you wanted him to go first, so Brooklyn chanted his name AND gave a standing ovation. Fucking FAIL CNN﻿ (d)(c+)(m-)
	It just goes to show how fucking strong his message is that not even the lack of media coverage and the dirty tricks at every turn can force him into obscurity.﻿ (d)(c+)(m-)
	word.﻿ (u+)
	God damn right! If we were given fair coverage we might have been asking for Hillary to drop out of the race right now. Some people don't even know about Bernie, that's why they're voting Hillary. Did you see the Italian press crowd him today? He's a big deal.﻿ (d)(c+)
	yeah...they own her, sad. Yeah...he was like the Beatles over there...lol﻿ (u+)(m-)
	Seriously he was swarmed with reporters, it was amazing how much buzz he created. ﻿(d)(c+)
	Too bad leaders don't get elected by "buzz".  Sanders got beat by double digits in New York, his home state.  lol  Feel the burn.﻿ (c-)(u-)
	That's because of voter purging and the fact that America is filled with moronic low info voters that vote against their interest (u-)
	Bernie-bots have convinced themselves that all of those names that were purged from the rolls were all real registered voters and were all going to vote for Bernie.  If Hillary was 16 points ahead at the final tally, it is more logical to assume that more of them would have voted for Hillary and Sanders' margin of defeat would have been even worse.  Facts are not Sanders' strong suit and if he had had a ounce of class he wouldn't have sneaked out of town but simply congratulated Hillary and not taken the coward's way out by blaming his ass-whuppin' on some silly conspiracy theory. Get ready for the axe to fall when he loses all 5 primaries tomorrow.  Bernie is done.  Stick a fork in him.﻿ (u-)(c-)
I love Hillary bringing up "homophobic barriers."  Reminds me of her voting record, up until very recent years.﻿ (c-)
she got freaking murdered. #bernthewitch﻿ (d)(c+)(c-)
Would rather have Sanders than Clinton. GO TRUMP THOUGH!﻿ (r)(c+)
	It'd be great if it came down to Trump and Sanders but I have a feeling the establishment is going to make sure that doesn't happen.﻿ (u+)(u-)
	Yeah unfortunately.﻿ (u+)
Who got louder cheering after the closing statement? Bernie or Hillary?﻿
	BERNIE BERNIE BERNIE BERNIE BERNIE BERNIE﻿ (d)(c+)
	But the problem with Bernie is that his huge crowd in the rally is not converting into huge voting turnout because of which there are more chances of Hillary winning the New York. Also, the polls say that Bernie is 10 points behind Hillary in NY. Can he still win NY?﻿
	He can still win, but it will be close. There is a major phonebanking event happening this weekend, 2 million calls into New York.﻿ (c+)
	"He can still win, but it will be close."    HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!   SHE WON BY 16 POINTS AND SHE BEAT HIM BY 20 POINTS IN NYC!  She will beat him 5 more times tonight.  The college campus tour is over.﻿ (u-)(c-)
	Well, if she beats Bernie, Trump will absolutely destroy her.﻿ (c-)(c+)
	Yes, I know that's what you college kiddies are hoping for.  If that were to happen Sanders would create such a stench in the nostrils of Democrats that wouldn't be able to get his old job back as Senator from Vermont and he knows it.  Sanders and you Bernie-bots live in a fantasy world.   You should drop your delusions of grandeur.  You have pissed off Democrats for the last time.  We don't need you.  Sanders can't help Hillary enough in states like Idaho and Utah and he can't hurt us enough in states like NY and California to make any difference, no matter how much he helps Trump.   You should go take Politics 101 and find out what something called the "electoral college" is.    We're sick of your political extortion so beat it.﻿ (c-)(u-)
	Ah, yes. Us college kiddies want to have good lives, so fuck us. Vermont loves Sanders, no way he'd lose it, Vermont was the only state where someone went nonviable. We pissed off Democrats? Are we not the future of the party? The Democrats should be beholden to the younger voters. Hillary is a terrible candidate, why won't she release her transcripts, she calls herself transparent but it's clear she's opaque.﻿ (u-)(c+)(c-)
I'd give everything for bernie to succeed and i'm not even american. But I'm convinced that if he get's elected, it will have a meaningful positive impact on the whole world actually.﻿ (d)(c+)
	I totally agree. I think Bernie being president will have an impact on us Europeans aswell. To force our elect government to work for us and not the wealthy. It's going to be the beginning of something greater.﻿ (d)(c+)(u+)
	Im not from usa either, but I support sanders like crazy. Sanders give me so much hope for humanity.﻿ (d)(c+)
	Bernie's rise to presidency is a (symbolic) victory against neoliberalism, which has fucked the entire world up. It definitely matters, so I too hope you Americans vote for this legend.﻿ (u+)(c+)
	fuck neoliberalism. It's good to remember the name of the enemy.﻿(u+)
	the enemy shouldn't be only neoliberalism but every ideology.﻿
	You probably don't know this part of American history, but the last time we had a "neoliberal" president named Clinton, we got 23 million new jobs, the best economy in US history, a complete wiping out of the deficit and a gigantic record budget surplus.  I wish we could get that "fucked" again.﻿ (u-)
Hah, she talks about all these barriers that in place, but those of us who have been paying attention and doing research know that she was part of the groups that helped put up those barriers in the first place.﻿ (c-)
	Very true﻿ (u+)
Clinton: "Obama, Obama, 9/11, Obama, what transcripts?"﻿ (c-)
	basically lol﻿ (u+)
	"Barriers, Barriers, Barriers, 9/11, Construction Workers...."﻿ (c-)(u+)
	9/11. 9/11, Republicans, George Bush, 9/11, One-word sentences,  escalating volume, knuckle pointing.﻿ (c-)(u+)
	"Obama, Obama Obama, My Husband, 9/11. Obama." Crowd cheers, even though not a single question was answered.﻿ (c-)(u+)
Did anybody catch that one part where Clinton said: "we won't just make promises we can't keep". That is rights! She wont just make promises, she will also not keep any of them.﻿ (c-)
I hate when she brings up 911.﻿ (c-)
	she is a fear-monger and war hawk.﻿ (c-)(u+)
	She is using the fear card it doesn't work anymore!! Go Bernie﻿ (d)(c-)(c+)
	Have you seen that episode of Family Guy where Lois runs for Mayor lol? She literally just goes "9/11..." and everyone cheers. It's obviously a commentary on the cheap political maneuver of emotional blackmail.﻿ (c-)
	Yeah I agree, it sounds disgusting from her dirty lying mouth to mention something that important just to get the NYC people support by mentioning something that she thinks will make them wore for her. Bernie 2016!!!NYC the whole world is watching,  you must win NY for Bernie﻿ (d)(c+)(c-)(u-)
	#neverforget﻿
	i want to say something about some1 dying in a painful way but NSA will add another name to the list.﻿
✔️ 27,000+ attendance at a NY Rally. ✔️ Half-or-so of that number @ The Bronx, NY. ✔️ Gaps of losing shrinking in most states, and importantly New York. ✔️ National lead claiming Sanders now has slight lead. ✔️ Standing ovation in many debates now, as well as the overwhelmingly amazing "BERNIE BERNIE BERNIE" chant before Hillary could dare to speak. With that, I'm hoping he wins the state or at least comes close. Very glad I caucused for him as well went to one of his rallies over here in Minnesota. #FeelTheBern #NotMeUs﻿ (d)(c+)
Bernie was so powerful that I had to watch this again and again. The genuine human wins this one.﻿ (c+)
Amazing closing by Bernie!﻿ (d)(c+)
	r u the guy in the picture !﻿
	So proud!﻿
	Not his best close though. I was hoping for another "they're right, I am dangerous" moment.﻿ (u-)
	Yeah, but he got some real good moments in there before the closing, like his cutting sarcasm about her speeches. His "boring" taxes and going in about her judgement and more. But the closing, the closing was epic. ﻿(u-) 
	He needed to land a lot of heavy blows cleanly, Hillary just needed to fend him off, in that regard Hillary won this debate unfortunately.﻿ (u-)(c+)
	I don't think Hillary was awful, but I think Bernie did beat her badly. ﻿(u-)
	I agree, she got pressed heavily on the emails and The campaign contributors, but she gave him grief on the guns and she came away pretty well on union relations, she's a lying fraud but for someone that just watched this debate she probably came off alright, sanders should have pressed and explained that he has won almost every single union that decides endorsements by a union vote and she has only been endorsed by unions in which it is decided by the union leadership.idk﻿ (u+)(c-)
	Her cynical and stupid linking of Sandy Hook, Vermont guns,  to Bernie she further reveals herself to be a mere opportunist. She lied and said he's reliably on the side of the NRA. I think and hope many reasonable voters saw through that charade of hers. The summons up a lot of mock outrage to make it look like she's tougher on guns and maybe that'll work for some voters. Never mind that Bernie's position on lawsuits against gun manufacturers makes way more sense. They try to make Bernie out to be an ideologue but he comes across as nuanced and smart to me. ﻿(d)(c+)(c-)
	Sanders looked really stupid stuttering and stammering and dancing away from the question while he rudely waved his finger in the air. DANA BASH: Senator Sanders, you have consistently criticized Secretary Clinton for accepting money from Wall Street. Can you name one decision that she made as senator that shows that he favored banks because of the money she received? SANDERS:  UH, UH, UH, UH,  HILLARY CLINTON: Well, you can tell, Dana, he cannot come up with any example, because there is no example. (APPLAUSE)﻿ (u-)(c-)(c+)
#FeelTheBERN﻿ (d)(c+)