Possible discussion point / clarification : we can't label someone as rep / demo if they bash someone unless they are glad the rep candidate lost or bash an entire party, but we can if they support someone

Mitt Romney is a white trash mother fucker that doesn't know shit.﻿ (c-)

obama is an anti morman bigot﻿ (c-)
	Anyone who is SMART, is anti morman... Shove that bullshit religion up your ass faggot.﻿ (u-)

Obama won through "change." I don't see any "Change" in America.... Obama is not doing great﻿ (c-)
	thumbs up if gameexpert395 is gay only decent thing about him is his spiderman picture﻿ (u-)

Lol I can't believe people took Romney seriously. He sounds like a talking bumper sticker, he doesn't know much more than the people who voted for him, (c-)﻿(u-)

Still lol at people who voted for Obama or Romney. Specially Obama.. Hey, he's black, hip and cool. Lets be honest.. Only reason alot of you voted for him. Embaressing in every sense. If you are from Illinois you would agree, just because Chicago loves him doesn't mean the rest of the state did I asure you. Absolutely no credenitals so thank you America﻿ (c-)(u-)

Thank God Romney lost.﻿ (d)(c-)

obama insulted the military with that bayonets comment﻿ (c-)

Just in case none of you were aware, during this interview Mit Romney is wearing "magic" undergarments and he believes in an invisible man in the sky. No wonder he lost.﻿ (c-)

Thank God he didn't win. Thank God Ryan didn't become vice president even more! (d)(c-)(u-)

And also, in town hall meetings, Romney made it clear over and over, that he wasn't overly concerned about what was happening to individuals, but was more focused on the overall structure, particularly helping businesses. Which didn't work apparently, Massachusetts became the 3rd worst state in terms of job creation. And that's basically what the Republicans are about, they care more about business and the overall structure, and will work on that, usually at the expense of workers and consumers.﻿ (d)(c-)

Here's a telling fact, Mitt Romney, in his home state of Massachusetts, got crushed by Obama in the election....the 5th biggest margin out of all 50 states. There's a reason Massachusetts overwhelmingly didn't vote for Romney, because they knew what he did there, $150 million dollar cuts to education and worker programs, took the state from 37th to 47th in job creation, raised individual taxes, like marriage licenses or used car sales...and created 88 new taxes that weren't even there before.﻿ (c+)(c-)

you are a liar Mr. Obama, you lied to all Armenians﻿ (c-)

obama is wrong about horses and bayonets﻿ (c-)

Obama is da BOMB!!﻿ (d)(c+)

Romney was so rude. Obama tried to say something and Romney rudely interrupted him. Ugh I can't stand him.﻿ (c-)
	I totally agree! He needs to be nominated for a political party though....and these damn parties try to ignore him. RON PAUL FOR PRESIDENTIAL NOMINEE 2016!!﻿ (r)(u+)(c+)

Not Obama or Romney. The solution for US is 2016' Rand Paul nominee for president.﻿ (r)(c-)(c+)

10:00 to 13:00 Romney crushed him ﻿(r)(c+)
	are you dumb? First off the navy seals killed osama bin laden not a president. You big goverment liberal. And on top of that bush had us there not obama﻿ (u-)(c-)
	Obama is a hero he saved us from nuclear war he killed Osama we would have been experiencing 9/11 all over again yes we have a tremendous debt but look at his positives he has more positives then negatives I'm 13 and I know this stuff and you guys don't know anything except that he's black!﻿ (d)(c+)(u-)

Obama rules!!﻿ (d)(c+)

As a german I'm proud of Obama as a president.﻿ (d)(c+)

Remove Obama!!﻿ (c-)

obama and democrats are just a party of gold diggers﻿ (r)(c-)(u-)

still more brain cells than George Bush﻿ (u-)

Romney's foreign policy is to INSULT EVERYONE, and their culture typical of Mormons.﻿ (c-)

the lesser of 2 evils i take Obama ﻿(d)(c-)(c+)

i wish mitt romney won ﻿(r)(c+)
	How many braincells do you have? 4?﻿ (u-)
	leme guess your from the south lol﻿ (u-)
	Thanks god I'm not the only one who thinks that﻿ (u+)
	Juan your stupid,  just shut up your not helping your case by commenting. Obama is bad for this country.﻿ (u-)(c-)

in my opinion obama is the best president in the word﻿ (d)(c+)

barack obama is the best yeaaaaaaaahh﻿ (d)(c+)

Romney made points ..and some legitimate ones to boot as obama stated has stated this to him in regards to these..HOWEVER...why in the heck would he convolute his degree of importance with fallacy and inference of media propaganda.. as if tha'ts going to seal the deal for him in this debate???﻿ (c-)
	Go fuck yourself. Romney got schooled as far as foreign policy goes. He could've kicked Obama's ass had he stuck to his strength-the economy. But his campaign's lack of discipline, inconsistencies, and grossly offensive statements did him in. (c-)

You can always tell when someone doesn't know what the fuck they're talking about. Romney was all over the place lol﻿ (c-)
Obama has a 3D plan: Divide, Disarm, Destroy...﻿ (c-)
0BAMA IS BLACK N THE WHITIEDS ARE MAD CUZ A NIGGA N HIS DARK SKIN WIFE IS IN THE WHITE HOUSE.... HAHAHAHAHAAA﻿ (u-)
	When all are bozo's as you put it...and, you refuse to follow any of the above, I'm quite sure you are missing something and that is...OBAMA is the right guy.  I.m looking for any common ground but your stubborn arrogance is on no point or use in this debate...When I listen to Romney I hear an antagonist, negative ad running , mocker of true democratic principles...When i hear Obama speak I hear an informative reasonable argument in behalf of all rights of this republic!!!..then there's you..lol﻿ (d)(c+)(c-)(u-)
	The syllogistic nature of what i am saying seems simply to be going straight OVER YOUR HEAD is what I am saying...Here in this debate the clot Romney is talking about cutting spending as if the past expenditures never existed and that Obama has caused this debt via his approach as a U.S. senator.   YOUR RIGHTS ARE WHAT YOU MAKE THEM... ﻿(u-)(c-)
	Yeah, both parties are idiots and greedy wasteful shitbags; i believe we covered this ad nauseum. You replied to a comment on the Pat. Act and NDAA shredding our Constitution with 2 paragraphs about debt relief and unrelated shit. In fact, all of your responses are unrelated to the previous ones. Really weird but OK...﻿ (u-)
	What about these rights...Obama Hater Elite fascist...The act extends such relief for three years, applying to debts discharged in calendar year 2007 through 2009. (With the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, this tax relief was extended another three years, covering debts discharged through calendar year 2012.)...SOOOO. the acts of congress seemed to say (as i know you will convolute it) lets short the banks and the taxcode for these poor people in order to give monie away....OU812﻿ (d)(u-)
	You Fascist regimest fart...The act extends such relief for three years, applying to debts discharged in calendar year 2007 through 2009. (With the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, this tax relief was extended another three years, covering debts discharged through calendar year 2012.) SOOO...it seems congress shorted banks and the taxcode in order to give money away...(I'm sure you will convolute it as fascist tend to do)....OU812...seems it was the republicans debt and not Odumbo's﻿ (d)(u-)
Romney would have been a disaster!﻿ (c-)
	Yeah, well let me put it simply. This puppet in the WH doesn't have anything going for him except media hype and 50% or so of minorities and guilty white ppl in America who want to believe in him so badly they'll swallow crap and call it steak. Bush was shit as well, but so is Odumbo, they just sold him as a hero and a cool black guy progressive with hollywood backing who would solve all America's problems. Both are total jack-offs. A true American is born and raised here or comes legally...﻿ (c-)
	You contradicted yourself in more than one way in this thread....this is why I ignored this comment. By the way, poor use of ad hominems to throw at me. You could have been a bit more creative with you childish insults. Go ahead and throw a fit at me just because I don't buy your loony leftist propaganda. ﻿(u-)
	Dude, WHO GIVES A FUCK? I thought we were winding this dumb conversation down, but anyway. I DON'T LIKE THE BUSH BASTARDS either, OK??? Got that straight now? Our RIGHTS WENT DOWN THE TOILET WITH BOTH BUSH AND ODUMBO. That's where the rights went....Patriot Act and NDAA/Obummercare for starters....﻿ (u-)(c-)
	Nice name. I'm guessing you're not even American. Obama and Bush were both SHITTY presidents, and everything u just said to pump up Odumbo just makes folks laugh. Our economy and way of life are headed for the shithouse, and if u think any of these clowns are heading in the right direction, you need some medications....﻿ (u-)(c-)
What Obama is effectively saying: you cannot solve our problems with the same mind that initially created them. He is 'right'. Concerning Romney: You can ‘hide’ problems with clever accountancy, the truth is, the problem will eventually hit back twice as hard on the long run. (d)(c+)(c-)
Obama has accomplished 3 mayor events: 1 change of policy 2 recovery on USA's name and relations 3 building the right new partners and alliances. Why? That’s the foundation to start rebuilding and recapitalizing USA’s infrastructure and economic markets, one that is sustainable for new generations as well.﻿ (d)(c+)
Mitt went to manny pacquiao's change room gave him a BJ moments later the philipino got ko'd the fuck out by marquez.lol﻿ (c-)
thank god we don't have to look at Mitt Romneys face ever again﻿ (c-)
Looking Back but really Romney kind of needs to listen but Obama does too overall both had well thought out and thorough thoughts (c-)(c+)
I didn't know who to pick. It was a good year for Mitt and our President.﻿ (c+)
	Your know your rights..Obama hater...Where were your rights when G.W.Bush shit on the economy causing a massive gasoline hike then a a rise in consumer goods causing massive mortgage loan default and reidential house depreciation all over WMD's that never existed after his daddies war...Where were your rights when the Mortgage backed Securities were in massive down trend and the insurance companies could not recoup the losses so congress bailed them out...YOU NEVER KNEW YOUR RIGHTS!!!!!!﻿ (d)(u-)
B.a.r.a.c.k. all day !﻿ (d)(c+)
	yeah....I got your memorable days hanging low....I guess you are to young to pay taxes too...your one day is hangin right here clown﻿ (u-)
	BUT YOU HAVE HALF A BRAIN... (u-)
	fascist monkey regimeist...﻿ (u-)
	Looky here chicken pecker........"Gotta go"  is a nigger term...see you can't hide your niggardlyness from the tuber's!!!!!﻿ (u-)
	Probably because you're blind...﻿ (u-)
Romney Getting Smacked﻿ (c-)
It's a shame that Obama is back in the office, it should only be legal for actual AMERICANS to vote.. not the useless loafers too.﻿ (c-)(u-)
	Go away no life. I will not read ANY of your posts.﻿ (u-)
The say obama supports socialistic ideas...but the tea party , rights , liberal rights ALL SUPPORT FASCIST idealism...look at the facts...they wanna put us back in chains and allow for the economic destruction of america so that they can rebuild a fascist elite ruled america...FASCISM...they tried to0 buy it first...now they are trying a brainwashing approach...COCK ROACHES ALL...!﻿ (d)(c-)
Nice try president rummney....Or is that boozeney drunkard.....time to pay the corn dole again shit eating niggaardly peasant.﻿ (c-)
	Loves fried chicken....especially the ones he personally had fetish for before he killed and cooked it...Baked chicken after sex..thats his favorite...especially with the feathers still on the damnable thing.....He hates all ethnicity too...so he only freek daddies on the white chickens he loves.﻿ (c-)
	YOU PUSS PIMPLE ON MOTHER NATURE ASS.....YOU CREAMY ZIT ON THE PUSSY OF CREATION!!!!!﻿ (u-)
	Admit you came from ancestrally niggardly worthless scum of the earth monarchical ruled peas-ants over lords calling you white monkees and making you pay taxes to survive while eating the shit popsicles that they allowed you to have.....Then may you pray for a real existence instead of praying for subsistence like your brainwashed nigger ass is doing now..   ﻿(u-)
	Sorry chimp, no time. Have a good non life! Sorry about the father abandonment. There are government programs for SSM's (SingleSlutMothers). Sucks your mom threw you accidents to the streets for bearing trash with that piece you call dad!﻿ (u-)
	you overwhitened bag of carmel colored crap nugget eating maggot. (u-)
	YOU ROTO SHIT POPSICLE LICKER....YOU SLIMED DISEASED SCURVY TOOTHLESS FAGOMATIC DRAWS SNIFFER....YOU UNDERARM ODER WEARING PEAS-ANT CRUD MUNCHER.﻿ (u-)
	Your lord and savior calls you a peasant....you niggardly coward﻿ (u-)
	peas, ants, peasants whatever.....your lord is your governing ruler and tax collector.....Thats a good little peas-ant..go to american and when I;m ready I'll come over and kick your little niggardly peas-ant ahhsss....﻿ (u-)
	YOU R LOSER GOVERNMENT FUNDED NIGGER TRASH! GO YOUR NON ASS PATHETIC EXISTENCE FAR AWAY!﻿ (u-)
	Ummm Fuck You﻿ (u-)
	You're nothing more than a keyboard wannabe warrior so shove your wannabe clairvoyant attention devoted desires and sale them elsewhere﻿ (u-)
Obama sup[ports AIPAC, La Raza "The Race", he hails to sub Saharan Africa over US, His top contributors (Goldman Sachs and others) r Jewish. These Jewish interest wars and policies are killing white Americans! Gas prices are out the ringer, food prices, up. Thin is, Obama looks identical to Osama. He got a fuckin nose job! He's a fuckin Muslim! WAKE UP! Jews dominate the media. They dominate Hollywood, all with ownership and Jewish guided propaganda.﻿ (c-)(m-)
the media had something to do with that one.....﻿ (m-)
	Yeah, Romney sucks, but the repubs. lost because the scale is finally tipped by young ppl, single women, mexicans, blacks, and others in greater numbers than ever. Hell, i even bought into barry's bullshit a little the first time he ran. Mitt was shit too, never liked him, but no saving grace in Odumbo either. Your cheering section for either party is like a bunch of monkeys in a peanut gallery waving shit around and pretending to have accomplished something. This nation is in grave trouble....﻿ (c-)(u-)
Romney should of had it. Blame it on Jews (r)(c+)(u-)
	Yeah, poor Odumbo works so hard. That's why he is in Hawaii and on vacation and doesn't meet with key leaders or a jobs council for months on end. Yeah, it is only one evil party thwarting our lord and savior Odumbo again. How stupid are you? Both parties have fucked us repeatedly and the current admin. sucks ass and takes you all for yet another ride while promising the moon on the way down to hell. As long as they can just stay afloat a lil longer and keep screwing u though. You love it...﻿ (c-)(u-)
FUCK OBAMA SALMON WIZARD FOR PRESIDENT U GET PAYED 10000000000$ PER HOUR﻿ (c-)
obama is one of the best presidents ever!!﻿ (d)(c+)
lol romney got told!!!!!﻿ (c-)
	Spineless" bcause Obama is trying 2 extend the tax cuts for 98% of Americans by increasing the taxes for the top 2% by a mere 4.6% & Republicans r screaming blue murder! Ooooh what incentive is left 4 the poor rich 2 invest when they have 2 absorb a DEVASTATING 4.6% increase?! Ooooh the terrible burden & injustice of it all! Ooooh the humanity of it all! Why don't u research Norway's economy & see how much higher their taxes r yet Norwegians still have a better quality of life than in the US﻿ (c-)(u-)
These idiot conservative Repubs. are really trying to prove that Obama was the wrong choice for president based on spending and also claim his campaign was corrupt..They fell pray to the known Seligman/Maier theory of learned helplessness..often described as (battered women's syndrome)..Via the Super Pac/ Karl Rove negative ad campaign on america which was a campaign of learned helplessness that the contry will never recover..WHAT MORONS..politicman1 being a prime example..he is'nt even fascist.﻿ (d)(u-)
terrorists!?","What?!Romney lost the election?!"What?!...What?!...What?!If you r not niave then why the f*ck do u ALWAYS get things TOTALLY wrong??Romney's not a bible thumper??Waddaya say!He was a pastor!!Romney wont start a war??Waddaya say!That's why my idiot prime minister desperately wanted him as President.Romney will slash spending??A war with Iran is calculated2cost a trillion dollars just in the first3weeks."The U.S needs2beat on its chest like a baboon so the rest (continued below)﻿ (c-)
Thats what makes the U.S great!"Little child,u think u r so clever but u were born yesterday.Wipe that milk from your lips.Have I schooled u enough in the ways of the world,my little child??Take it from a foreigner-Republicans r the LAUGHING STOCK of the world.Why did the world breath a collective sigh of relief after Obama won(except my self-destructive country)?? Bcause Republicans live in another dimension of reality!Now,on behalf of decent people everywhere in the world,CUT THE BULLSHIT!  ﻿(d)(c+)
	Oh, so you mean to tell me that you were one of the retards that voted for Obama!!!﻿ (u-)(c-)
If Obama is the brain of America we need a lobotomy ASAP....﻿ (c-)
Obama is the Real Brain of America, not Idaho.﻿ (d)(c+)
America is a Dog whose head and tail weigh more than the body. The neck, legs, and belly voted for Romney, but it was no good. San Francisco Bay, the Mouth of America, is laughing with glee, while Washington DC, the asshole of America, is crapping with joy! New Orleans, the Dick of America, is jizzing more oil into the Gulf to celebrate, but Salt Lake City, the Eye of America, has developed cataracts! The Tail and Head wagged the Dog, let us rejoice!﻿ (u-)(c-)
The retardation level in America dipped slightly below 50% this year, causing a Democratic victory. Where did all the missing conservative retards go? They went to this thread and left nasty comments instead of voting. Thanks, retards!﻿ (d)(u-)
fuck obama (c-)
Yeah, they are either stupid or know that Obummer will pander to their special side interests, much like the latinos u mentioned. They want to consolidate more power in USA and bring as many of their families and customs and advocates as they can and they know they can trade votes to Obummer for leniency in whatever they want. Tons of stupid women and young white ppl voted for him again too, and of course blacks who would vote black even if Odumbo was on camera molesting kids....not even joking﻿ (u-)(c-)
u know what? i hafta agreee. now that obamas won, all hes done is eat fried chicken (c-)
mitt romney made some strong morman points during this debate, but obamas points about decreasing koolaid and watermelon taxes won me over﻿ (c-)
Yeah, a stimulus is really going to help when your debt is skyrocketing and the stim. funds go to such wonders as studying the mating habits of beetles and bankrupt solar companies. GOP sucks ass too, but i'm sick of hearing about Obummer's stimulus nonsense. Ain't worth a SHIT....﻿(c-)(u-)
theres a reason bush left with a 36 percent approval rating, at least Obama is at fifty﻿ (c+)
yes 2 wars, a trillion dollar tax cut and the dept. of homeland security and you want to blame the Dems for big gov't, beat it. What has Obama spent other than stimulus, which is whats needed when no one has money. Unfortunately, that what you have to do to stop the system from collapsing, not to create a boom.  GOP doesn't want smaller gov't, they just want to cut taxes on the rich and spend more on the military. They're the biggest socialists. Why did congress block the jobs bill?﻿ (d)(c+)(u-)
	"yes 2 wars, a trillion dollar tax cut and the dept. of homeland security and you want to blame the Dems for big gov't" Correct. Iraq was only 5% of the Federal budget, and Bush's last deficit was 3.2% of GDP vs. Obooboo's average deficit of 9.3% - he has the highest deficits and debt of any president in history. Do some research before you speak, beat it. What has he spent? Are you living in a cave? $1T deficits EVERY YEAR OF HIS PRESIDENCY. Wake up.﻿ (c-)(u-)
	"What has Obama spent other than stimulus, which is whats needed when no one has money. Unfortunately, that what you have to do to stop the system from collapsing" Really? The why did the recession end in June 2009, when only 10% of the stimulus had been spent?﻿ (c-)
	No, the "rights" talk about a lot of issues. What you seem to be TRYING to say is to get back to smaller govt, we should lower taxes for the bottom 98%. That's already done via Bush, and we still have exploding debt. Why? Because of spending!  Even if we gave Obooboo all the tax increases he wants on the "rich," we'd only raise $80B/year in revenue. The deficit is over $1T.  See the problem?﻿ (u-)(c-)
﻿God Bless President Barack Obama ﻿(d)(c+)