I'm sick of this democrat vs republican nonsense.  Aren't we all americans?  Don't we all do what we believe is in the best interest for ourselves and our fellow americans?  Maybe I am optimistic, but I don't think anyone wants to see this country go down in flames.  For all you people bashing the republican party for what bush and his associates have done in the white house, let it be known that he doesn't represent the republican party, but the neo-conservatives.﻿ (r)(m-)
	ladylike, is that why you want this race to continue?!? to get hillary on the ticket as vice prez? that's not gonna happen. and the only one to blame for that is hillary. she did herself in with this kitchen sick strategy. it's a pity. she could have been a well-respected senator within the democrat party if she hadn't gone to the dark side. ok, i'll let you have the last word..﻿ (c-)

well, if number of years of experience is all you consider, then yeah, mccain should be president and not obama or hillary. but what kind of experience are we talking about here? he takes us to war with iraq, like hillary. you know who's most experienced? cheney. by using your logic, cheney should be the next president. idiot!﻿ (u-)

i must say, the first half of clinton's opening statement was great, impressive, but did not exceed my expectations. she is a briliant individual. what keeps me from supporting her is the second half of her opening statement. that was a summary of what she has been doing; flexing her political guns to keep spectators cognitively occupied with these verbal impairities. she does not go into detail like obama does b/c her ideas hold little substance and her record is not what she promotes it to be.﻿ (d)(c-)(c+)

Its obvious that Hillary won't quit. Its like dragging dead weight. It must be very exhausting for Obama to keep repeating himself.﻿ (d)(c-)(c+)

Clinton's are lying, warmonger scumbags.  She keeps saying "you can't choose your family"  I disagree.  If your husband is a cheating scumbag you can choose to divorce him!﻿ (c-)(u-)
	i hate to break it to you, but hillary lost this thing a long time ago. and she continues smearing obama, using the republican scare tactics, and saying mccain is more qualified than obama. she's obviously setting herself up to run again in 2012. but her plan is backfiring because her dissapproval rating is up to like 54% now. your gal is a disgrace.﻿ (c-)

I hate this whole argument that someones character or associations don't matter. If hilary clinton was friends with people in the kkk you'd be outraged. saying it's just about the issues is a complete cope out.﻿ (u-)

I'm not a "sir." I'm a woman. And what Obama said only proves the fact that he's unelectable.﻿ (c-)

lol... kudos to obama at the end of the clip. he completely took clinton's tactical assalt (the distractions he refers to), and used it against her by simply being honest. he certainly has my support; i do not understand why anyone would support a canidate that plays the typical political games, and constantly promotes her own website.﻿ (d)(c+)(c-)

I know who LOST in this debate...WE THE PEOPLE. We lost in this debate. What are the issues here? I don't give a flip if Obama wears a flag pin or not. I am in the Army,I served in Afganistan, and I am not wearing a freakin pin. You gonna say I am not patriotic??? Geez, why didn't ABC focus more on the issues that are important to the majority of Americans.﻿ (m-)

Well considering the attacks against me instead of counter arguments I would say you are worried I am right lol. Fact of the matter is Hilary has handed the election to Mccain if she doesn't get the nomination.  You will see ad after ad showing Hilary saying Mccain and her are the only ones qualified to run for president.  Every attack she threw at him will be used again against Obama in the actual election. I should also say I do not support Mccain, nor do I support Clinton or Obama.﻿ (u-)

Hussein Obama look so "BITTER",MEAN,ANGRY,FRUSTRATED,NASTY,LOUSY AND A PATHETIC the whole time. GOODBYE HUSSEIN OBAMA. U SUCK!﻿ (c-)

Shame on you Hussein Obama for making a racial remark about people living in a small town. I truly hope people across the america will finally wake up and reject him,reject his comment and send him packing. GOODBYE HUSSEIN OBAMA.﻿ (c-)

hillary only assasinates charector of people barack is polite even with his criticism the comments put bellow calling barack, hussein is again assasination of charector like hillary you do the same saddam hossein style ...so ur more like saddam not barack﻿ (u-)(c-)(c+)

Give them Hell Hillary.. Speak for America.  She is a fighter..She will win and the genral election too.  Hey there is a rumor on yt, that 2 media outlets are investigating Obama's time at Occidental College in LA--Watch for breaking news.. Something about being arrested... College students who are drunked or drugged are usually not arrested..Wonder what it is???﻿ (d)(c+)(c-)

Idiots are going to vote for her because her grandfather worked in that state﻿ (c-)(u-)

Clinton really runs down Obama to try to succeed. In the end, good people always come on top though.﻿ (c-)(c+)

ABC/FOX in bed together for the GOP - certainly SMELLS like it ... Obama will get a huge bounce out of this - America LOVES the underdog. We have your back Obama!﻿ (d)(c+)(m-)

GO OBAMA! OBAMA '08﻿ (d)(c+)
	GWB divided this country.  Do you think the governments response to Katrina brought us any closer? Dont blame Barack.  Barack is trying to bring us together, but its ignorant people, like urself, that keep us divided.﻿ (d)(c+)

she has just cause but she's fake..obama has less experiance but the knowledge and the correct concepts..and most importanly he is real. he has an honest idiology﻿ (d)(c-)(c+)

Any one with a half a cerebral cortex can tell that Obama sincerely meant what he said about people clinging to guns and religion. Now he's backtracking, trying to cover up what he said. The moderators were right in asking this question, but they should have dug much deeper. Obama is a hypocrite.﻿ (m+)(c-)
	Obama is a hypocrite? Sir, you have to wake up. What he said was true. Perhaps it was not phrased in a perfectly "politically" correct manner but thats the strength of the Senator, he doesn't care about what the press says, he cares about the american people. Wake up and support obama sir﻿ (d)(c+)
	She lost Texas by the way. She declared victory but infact Senator Obama got more delegates there. Just thought I should fill you in﻿ (d)(c+)(c-)

Hillary is a nice lady with some nice ideas but lets face it she is out she needs to GET OUT NOW cause the republicans are gonna take all the stuff they are throwing at each other now and hit them with what Hillery and Obama said there just handing the republicans weapons﻿ (r)(c-)(c+)

ABC tell us how much money bill clinton give you to be in favor Hillary a vote for hillary is vote for McCain that's what maccain said he prefere Hillary nominated﻿ (m-)(u-)(c-)
	LOL, actually the Republicans would have a better shot beating Hillary. What is she going to run against Mccain on? Experience? Argue with him about the war that she voted for? Really.﻿ (r)(c-)

HILLARY WON THE DEBATE. YEAH﻿ (r)(c+)

Clinton got 1 crap question, Obama had to answer an hour's worth of interrogation by moderators that seemed more like witch hunters that knew the church was on fire, but were saving the water to drown the witch.  ABCshould be boycotted for driving that debate into the gutter. All the 'questions' seemed alot like right wing talking points from Fox.  We need non-profits and non-political sponsorship of these events, because ABC and the like are proving themselves unfit for our democracy.﻿ (m-)
	democracy? our country is not a democracy, and it really annoys me to see people make this mistake. it's a REPUBLIC.﻿ (u-)
	I disagree, I think the questions were relevent﻿ (m+)

I'm so tierd of people labeling those who question obama racist. that is a cheap shot at best﻿ (u-)
	I concede, please don't let my malaprop annoy you.  Do you also not agree with my larger statment? or are you going to dismiss my observation because I used a word that is disagreeable to you?  It seems very trivializing to mince words over that. We are a Democratic Republic. That point being made, still doesn't help educate the public, which is what I'm arguing for. An informed electorate can better function as a Democracy, and not Just an Oligarchical Republic.﻿ (u-)

manipulation and deceit are common words used in conjunction with the Clintons for a reason. Hillary is willing to do anything to get into a position of power, and she has done absolutely nothing to prove that she can do anything for this country.﻿ (u-)(c-)

Hillary's thoughts and responses seem to be better thought out and delivered than Barak's. (d)(c+)

I think Obama isnt going to do much for our economy, Hilary has already been in the white house as first lady, did we all forget how great our economy was then when Bill Clinton was in office??? It will be no different with his wife. Only they will be able to fix what President Bush has done to our nation.﻿ (d)(c+)(c-)(u+)

basically, yes.  there's a critical difference between "affordable healthcare" and an INDIVIDUAL mandate on public healthcare.  anyone who supports Hillary rather than Obama on that subject should educate themselves more.﻿ (u-)

I deeply dislike Hillary and think she's phony and deceptive and a hypocrite. But I don't think the "who voted for Iraq" argument is really valid, because given the post-9/11 state of American thought, MOST legislators supported the war, and for good reason.  Was it well-executed?  No.  But her having backed it in the beginning doesn't undermine her socialist stupidity right now.﻿ (c-)

THANK you.  This was a total waste of question time.  Thanks for covering all the YouTube hype instead of policy disparities or platform differences.  Thanks for focusing on the things that REALLY don't matter. Hillary didn't lie about Bosnia because she's deceitful.  She lied about Bosnia because she's stupid. Obama's affiliates and even friends don't have to share all his views.  The pastor thing is pathetic to obsess over during what should be an educational debate. Waste.  Of.  Time.﻿ (c-)
	Thank You!  Well said.﻿ (u+)

Hillary Clinton is using race and gender to divide America. Despicable! Barack Obama is speaking truth about how politicians are manipulating these differences to their own ends.﻿ (d)(c+)(c-)
	We are not all stupid! but most are, nice observation I agree Go USA! :) ok bad joke sorry!﻿ (u+)

McCain is NO Bush copy.  When McCain was fighting for his country and being beaten by the N Vietnamese (and learning serious life lessons)  Obama wasn't even to puberty yet......Obama has no record.  He has no experience.  He has no military experience.  Hillary has nothing either.﻿ (c-)

Anyone who is not bitter and angry is not paying attention.  Clinton's NAFTA and Bush's war are equally responsible for our economic recession.  Hillary supported NAFTA and voted for this phoney war (that is killing and injuring real troops.)  She lies repeatedly, just like Bill.  The Clintons can not be trusted.  Sen. Obama is the only choice.﻿ (d)(c+)(c-)

obama phrased that and framed that very well towards the end. Focus on the issues people..﻿ (u-)(c+)

Obama sir pls. go back in the Senate and do your job that you were elected to do, In which you promised not to run. Pls. spare yourself further embarrassment and creating false hope to the people of America.﻿ (c-)

This election cycle, Obama is the only real hope for this country.﻿ (d)(c+)

GO OBAMA! OBAMA '08!﻿ (d)(c+)

Any Democrat is better than a repulican in office. Obama is the BEST thing that can happen to the USA now. Those of you racist men and women out there you will have to live with Obama as president. If you don't like it move out of the country. We don't need people like you in the US anyways.﻿ (d)(u-)(c+)

Lets be totally honest here, all three of the main candidates, Obama, Clinton & Mccain are all going to be horrible presidents.  I still can't believe this is the best we could find in the entire country to lead us into the future.  :(﻿ (c-)
	Why was the "bitter" comment patronizing? Does the media really expect us to believe that most people in the USA are happy and content? You know what's patronizing? When two media salesmen ask stupid and irrelevant questions during a presidential debate.﻿ (m-)