Total comments: 1,280
---------------------------

Thanks, Santorum Lies, everything he says some twisted fabrication...﻿ (c-)
	Santorum lies, Romney oozes dishonesty & Gingrich bubbles with loathing for everything which isn't Newt Gingrich. Ron Paul is the very last chance America has to save the Republic.﻿(r)(c-)(c+)(u+)
	Santorum was especially awful this time around.﻿(r)(u+)(c-)
	I'd like to know what you mean by his fabrication ... ?   Now,  I expect more than one fabrication in your comment.  If you can't give that ... Please don't contact me back .... Not interested in utube babble.(r)(u-)
	Tell me what Santorium was lieing about? What exactly is Gingrich bubbling about ?  Im watching this ,  and I fail to see your detailed accusation ... so ,  tell me what the lie is here.  Im not interested in what the news has said...but particular action date, and time of that action , I think if you make these statements you should know where , when , and how ... so please tell me . if you can't do that,  please don't waste my time with Utube babble. ﻿(r)(c+)(u-)
	well if u expect fabrication, your little CONservitive mind will probably find it...so ababababableableableableable.....﻿(r)(u-)
	I wish Ron Paul could save the republic, I seriously do.﻿(r)(u+)

Sanity for Presidency! Ron Paul 2012!﻿(r)(c+)

I know one war Ron Paul would be happy to fight: the war on fear-driven warmongering.  What we got in this debate was the moral argument against these wars, the constitutional argument, and the economic argument... and he's right on all three.﻿(c-)

Politics was never meant to be a profession. Founders of this country had day jobs! They were not career politicians. We need leaders with experience in the real world, This is the problem with Obama, hes never ran a hot dog stand. & only experience in the phony world of politics. American IS a business.Gingrich is correct with controlling our borders. I live in Ca it is out of control, my neighbors can't even speak english. Recently stings were set locally to catch food stamp card peddlers ﻿(r)(c-)
	I couldn't agree with you more, What this country needs are more unemployed politicians ! The US  was supposed to have a limited government  b/c the founders knew political power attracts swarms of crooks, demagogues & despots as surely as horse manure attracts swarms of horseflies ! if I don't see  you before, I'll see you at the polls in Nov.(u+)

Why are they talking about illegal immigration? If any of the these guys get into power they'll destroy the economy to such an extend that no one will want to come to the US  :D﻿ (d)(c-)

As always Ron Paul stand outs as the people's champion. #RonPaul2012﻿(r)(c+)

hard to believe such lying hypocrites could be president﻿(c-)
	 Exactly ... What Are You Talking About?  Why should I believe such a ignorant comment without details ... What specifically are  you talking about? ﻿(r)(u-)


America needs a president who was a proffessional before he was a politician. We need to control our spending and rethink our meddling in our allies' affiars. We need to bring DC back to preserving the constitution instead of the wealth and careers of the politicians by whom it's occupied. We need a president who is consistently advocating our individual sovereignty. We need Ron Paul, but Americans want to control the Middle East and protect Isreal at any cost. So... we'll just continue downward﻿ (r)(c+)

There's video on Youtube of Dr. Paul defending civil liberties on the Morton Downey Jr. show. While the crowd were hysterical with the fears of public opinion, demanding the expansion of the state, Ron Paul was resolute to the values of classical liberalism. I see exactly the same thing happening in these debates on the issue of foreign policy. ﻿(r)

Ron Paul the Wisdom Man !﻿(r)(c+)

The magnitude of the dishonesty, delusion, and fanatacism oozing from the mouth holes of these four troglodites is absolutely staggering.I can't comprehend how any clear thinking human being with even a tenuous grasp of reality could vote for any of them.(c-)

is it just me, or is Newt Gingrich the king of ignoring the actual question?﻿(c-)

Romney is a crook.(c-)

When some one speaks Mitt Romney just stares at them it is funny haha!!!(c-)

womnder what Romney's IQ is?﻿(c-)
	Well, options, that all depends on what "is" is.  Oh wait, that's the slimy balls Clinton's brilliance... Oh wait, Romney is either/or, right? Watch the Mormon's eyes.  Sneak, pure deceit, hates the truth which is Jesus the Son of God.  Watch his goofy expression when looking at other candidates as they speak.  He smirks.  No need to imagine what he would put in Supreme Court.  Mormons or others who reject Jesus Christ as Son of God and Saviour.  ﻿

What a blowout! Ron Paul is just killing 'em!﻿(c+)

Vote to shrink the size of the federal government... and their control over our lives.Vote to empower our states.Voteto gain allies by abandoning the notion that we must police the world to be safe.Vote to promote free markets.Voteto protect our liberties and the Bill of Rights. Vote to protect our Constitution.Vote Ron Paul 2012!(r)(c+)
	right on!﻿(r)(u+)
	how can you be against earmarks if you're in government but ask for earmarks to advance your cause if your outside the government?  that's hypocrisy!  that argument doesn't make sense at all!(u-)

If they really want war, it's a much cheaper way: Buy a copy of "Command & Conquer" ﻿(c-)

SANTORUM 2012!Let's bring honesty back to washington.﻿(r)(c+)

they're all better than Obumster.﻿(r)(c+)(c-)
	troll﻿(u-)
	lol says the guy with a troll av :p﻿(u-)

Rick sounds like Kermit the frog when he gets riled up .(c-)

When the LIES no longer Wear Masks and the TRUTH is Always in Question.. Vote RON PAUL!﻿(r)(c+)

It's interesting how over time the candidates have conformed little by little a lot of their answers to sound more like Ron Paul's answers.﻿(r)(c+)(c-)

Santorum can be compared to Hitler without triggering the Godwin law. He really is an overachiever !﻿(r)(c+)

the man has no integrity, i'll never understand why supposed conservatives are just centerist and people applaud that.(r)
	the american Dr. Ron Paul suppoters dont need a second candidate because they have Dr Ron paul to vote for, without him they most likely wouldnt vote cause the system is sooo corrupt that they would be against all of them :P﻿(u+)
	Santorum is a homophobe crazy religious guy and I don't agree with him. Mitt is crazy and flip flops positions about abortion and his "amazing" health care plan. Newt is probably the one I'd say is my runner up even though I don't agree with much of him either. No trolling. Uhappy? And people can support who they choose or choose not to. It doesn't mean anything against their integrity.﻿(r)(c-)
	Mitt Romney? Ever since the beginning of the race. Not Rick Santorum, Not Newt, either Mitt or Paul.
	(c-)
	What? Your an idiot and what you just said made zero sense and you score no points. May god have mercy on your soul. Yea, we all supported Obama in 2008 because Ron Paul totally didn't run for president then. A lot of Ron Paul supporters are troops, matter of fact he has more support from our troops then all other candidates combined. So are our soldiers trolls? Maybe you should just shut up and read the constitution before you speak. Sheep.(r)(u-)
	I'm a Ron Paul supporter, but I don't have a second candidate I would vote for. No other candidate is even close to Ron Paul in policy so thats why. Most Paul supporters I've seen are the same way. We typically view all the other candidates as corrupted. including Obama.﻿(r)(c+)
	
I cant believe that Santorum said his last statement with a straight face.(c-)

Ron Paul's foreign policy worries me a bit.  Iran isn't a political nation; it's a theocracy with a whack job as the frontman.  Sanctions won't work against these people.  They are looking for the Maadi (? spelling) and the only way to bring the Maadi is to destroy Israel.  But for the most part I totally agree with Ron Paul.﻿(r)(c+)
	huh? Dr. Paul doesn't want sanctions on Iran﻿
	i like ron paul,but the 2 problems i have with him is he denies evolution and says its a matter of belief when its not its a matter of facts which evolution is and he doesnt think that we should have free health care,he thinks if you are uninsured and poor you can go to a church for help,which would be a big big problem if you arent christian﻿(r)(c-)
	nope were gonna write in Ron Paul :)﻿(c+)
	Way to speak for all Ron supporters.﻿(u-)
	i dont see any of em beating abama3 of em talking about going to war and beefing the milirtary and none of the citizens want this(c-)(u+)
	Ron Paul promotes free choice and consequences. Free health care is wonderful and if the wars and spending are ended, medical care will be affordable as will gasoline. It's all about the spending of money/debt the US does not have to spend.(c+)


After watching this I realized something. The conservatives had a perfect opportunity to unite against the liberal controlled media. They should have all made a stand to not participate in any debates that where put on by any of them. This would go for all of them, CNN, MSNBC, ABC, and etc. They could agree only to participate on Fox, CSPAN, maybe even get HULU or someone out of the ordinary to sponsor it. That would have made a strong statement against these corrupt companies.﻿(r)(c+)(m-)

Isn't it funny how most of the Ron Paul supporters are trolls. What does that tell you? I've seen them babysitting blogs for hours upon hours, just to stir people up. Here is how you know, just ask a supporter who his second candidate is, they either won't have one or will go back to Obama which most voted for last time around. Everyone who actually follows these things closely and honestly always have a runner up candidate that they like, at the least they will get behind the candidate who wins﻿(r)(u-)

The final question kind of annoyed me because Paul was the only one that answered it. Everyone else avoided it, and turned it into a pitch.﻿(r)(c+)

Nothing is as entertaining as watching Rick Santorum show how stupid he is in front of America.﻿(c-)

RON PAUL RON PAUL DAMN YOU MORONS VOTE FOR RON PAUL!﻿(r)(u-)(c+)

i dont see any of em beating obama﻿(d)
	Ron Paul﻿(r)
	some of the romney fans in the stage remind me of justin bieber fans...no matter what romney does, good or bad...they still love him.(u-)(c-)
	Ron Paul promotes free choice and consequences. Free health care is wonderful and if the wars and spending are ended, medical care will be affordable as will gasoline. It's all about the spending of money/debt the US does not have to spend. ﻿(r)(c+)


i hate santorum he makes those little comments about the islamic people﻿(c-)

I live in ca ... the Mexican illegals are crawling here on the streets like cockroaches... and most of the young woman walking the streets are either pushing baby buggies with anchor babies in them the others are pregnant ... ALL are on FEDERAL and STATE AID... it must STOP... ﻿(r)

Why are they showing a photo of Barack Obama and Michele.  This debate is Republican.  We don't want to see a picture of that asshole Obama.  Liberal Media at it's best, protecting Obama again.... jerks(r)

I was at the Ron Paul rally in Richland wa a few days ago, it was so crowded the fire department had to step in and clear the place...over 1,200 hundred souls rallying for Ron Paul. Newt was here today and about 500 people were there. Ron Paul I feel is 100% right on these wars and the mistake we are making economically, morally, and constitutionally. ﻿(c+)(r)

Shut up Mitt....﻿(c-)
	Does anyone have duct tape?﻿(c-)(u+)

If you believed Obama was gonna give you change & would fight for a progressive agenda you were profoundly uninformed, naive, blinded by your hatred of Bush & white washed by his snakeoil salesmen ship. If you didn't have the awareness to see his record, agenda, & corrupt forces surrounding him your not a person that should be voting. There was no good reason to give Obama the benefit of the doubt, he's been a sell out & a fascist since﻿ he was in the Senate.(c-)

How is anybody going to do something different  , it's all about lies... Ron Paul is the truth , the way , and the freedom of U.S.A... I voted for Clinton because he was my first President I was able to vote for... I haven't voted since then, but I shall vote for Ron Paul... We need Him,﻿(c+)(r)
	nice.. smart people!!﻿(u+)

﻿Does anybody besides me find Ron Paul just irritating?  He is the crazy Uncle kept in the basement.  He should just go away.  He is just in the way.﻿(c-)
	Shows how much you really know about Ron Paul.  Go out and read his books and understand where his ideas come from.  Everything he says makes 100% sense.  He is the only true traditional AMERICAN politician that would follow the constitution and get this country back on track.  Electing anyone up on that stage, besides Ron Paul, would be sucking American into another Middle Eastern War.  Ron Paul isnt a pacifist, but believes in actually declaring war through congress. Nuf said﻿(r)(c+)(u-)
	He is crazy, how? Because the truth that he states is scary?  He has been saying the same thing for decades and has predicted what has been going on from the beginning.  He is not crazy; he is protecting your rights -- what OUR LEADERS should be doing in the first place.﻿(r)(u-)(c+)
	What is crazy is Russia and China telling us we better not get involved with Iran or the retaliation will be WW3.  Staying out of Iran's business is not what is crazy here.  The fact that we so willingly ignore the warning signs from our fiscal policies to our foreign policies.  Explain to me how we will protect ourselves when we are broke and under a real threat of war at home while we have our service men and women spread across the globe.﻿(r)(c+)
	HE WILL GET ELECTED. WHY? BECAUSE HE IS WINNING THE DELEGATES AND THE PEOPLE WANT HIM!﻿(c+)
	In the way of what? The big banks making a killing of another war, and America's youth bleeding out to protect Israel? Or in the way of you keeping your head in the sand and pretending the shit isn't going to hit the fan if America elects another warmongering assclown. ﻿(u-)
	Regardless of how many delegates he is winning, these bastards have even more dirty tricks up their sleeves to try to derail him, so think that the battle has been won when you cast your vote. A lot of States have "winner takes all delegates" primaries, which is where the voting count fraud comes into play with greatest effect.﻿(c-)

What's the point of this? everyone is agreeing with each other and frankly they all sound the same with the exception of Ron Paul - I was literally on the edge of my seat as he spoke about Iran's nuclear weapon, and it's time voters pick a leader with a fundamentally contrasting view to solutions because America has been doing the same things for years and things have only gotten worse.

RON PAUL IS A SHITHEAD﻿(c-)

Why are Newt, Mitt, And Santorum so eager to go to war? Its absolutely gut wrenching to think of it.(c-)
	Cos they are funded by the big banks and are in the pockets of AIPAC. The banks know arms & war is the only manufacturing industry America has left, [well apart from building more prisons], so they know where their bread is buttered. Plus they want to cozy up & suck Zionist dick.﻿(c-)(u+)


Given the choice at the time, between Obunghole & McCain, Obama was the lesser of two evils. McCain is a lunatic and would have ploughed into Iran by now. At least Obongo has been trying to tell the Israelis to go fuck themselves.﻿(c-)
	Santorum is lieing about his conservative credentials, he's a big government statist, who supports the Federal Reserve, & would authorize QE3 if President & loves the war on drugs, Gingrich bubbles with contempt for anyone who isn't Newt Gingrich, & Mitt Romney, well, Mittens is the very definition of a slippery politician. Ron Paul is your last chance America.(c-)
	I don't think he's being hypocritical at all. He just has different beliefs than you. As far as abortion, he believes that life starts at conception, therefore the baby has just as many rights as the mother, and those rights need to be protected. And as far as government in gay marriage, from what i've heard him say, he's against it. He's said he wants it to be decided by the churches, since it is a religious partnership, and the federal government has no place there.﻿(c+)
	Everything you say about Obama is true. The problem is it is also true of John McCain, and they were the choices the country faced. A Corporatist-Socialist, or a Sovereign Knight of Malta.﻿(u+)(c-)
	So, you want Ron Paul to go away? Well, he's NOT going away, and there's nothing you can do about it.﻿(u-)(c+)

I just can't believe that the mainstream whore media expectx us to believe the 3 shills on the right. Baseless facts and phony polls. Fact 1. Iran never stated they want to wipe Israel off the face of the map. THe translation was mis translated. Fact 2. Ron Paul has the largest amount of people/money donations from active service military personnel then all 3 other candidates and the President COMBINED. What does that tell you. Open your eyes and realize that you need to research the facts.﻿(m-)(u-)

Iran accounts for only 3% of the worlds oil supply, using gas as a freakin excuse and then pulling in that nuclear shit is just a muscle flex. I am not sure why the fuck anyone would want to get involved with Iran and their issues.﻿

And Ron Paul is absolutely right! The middle East business tycoons are trying to hurt the United States wallet, and "war" is the PROVEN, most rapid way of accomplishing that. considering Canada has one of the larges and accounts for most of the Worlds oil supply.. well the middle east cant bank on that, can they? Canadian oil doesnt create stingy jobs for the middle east it does not benefit the middle east what so ever. Oil is the number one export for those countries, they cant afford losing it﻿(r)(c+)
	3%, its Qatar that has 3%. My mistake﻿(u+)

Newts book the poitics of the third wave premises the destruction of the united states constitution, Romney has continually voted as a Democrat, Santorum has voted 5 times the 8.97 trillion, recently voted to add that to the 15 trillion dollars to our deficit, thats why ron paul is the best canidate running and the only one who upholds his oath to the united states constitution and has a plan that we all can view on his website simply type in whyronpaul(r)(c+)
	that's not the point I was making, but yes he didn't call anyone a douche...he was BEING a douche by being disrespectful of the moderators in a debate that he agreed to participate in.﻿(c-)

First choice because he has all the attributes, not some or most, I choose Rick Santorum. Second to Santorum would be Newt Gingrich. Certainly not Mitt nor Paul.﻿(r)(c+)
	 i see you got a crush on Rick Santorum's Daughters so you got a personal reason 2 vote 4 him,hell some votes 4 Rick Santorum gota be real but i though  mo. hill bills were 2 smart 2 vote 4 Rick Santorum but i gess im wrong i gess you do get 2 eat alota gmo foods﻿(u-)
	 What?﻿
	 why is it you non CONSPIRACY THEORIST types allways close youre eyes 2 facts it is like american beleve the horible things there government done 2 the people of this land pree-1900's but post-1900's it is like you non CONSPIRACY THEORIST types got alltimer's an forgot this is the verry same land stealing murderous government its allways been U.S. may be free but not as free as it was before the immigrant's arived !!!!!﻿
	 Fucking text monkey. No one understands you.﻿(u-)

