lol... Little Marco, Big Donald The best part - 18:37﻿ 
	Big D﻿ (u+)(c-)
	You know, I once had an uncle who called ME "Big D."﻿ (u+)
Megan Kelly would never ask, "Hey Marco you've only won 1 state" or "Hey John you haven't won one state" but no...no...no... She asks Cruz why he's only won 4 states...wow﻿ (m-)

132:10 trump calls Rubio a bitch. that's no way for a candidate to act﻿ (c-)(r)
	 ..Rubio ..a bitch ?...noooooo ,    .a double one...:)).....Rubio starts the fight , starts to insult Trump ,  starts to incriminate him about this and that , Trump reaction >?......normal ......Rubio is sponsorized  by obscurs lobbies coming from nowhere , dangerous politician....:)﻿ (c+) (r)
	 and that makes it ok? do me a favor don't vote.﻿ (u-)(r)
	 everyone is doing what they want to do ..no vote ?.....ok , and you ?.........how are you going to explain to million americans  ( even hispanic  , a lot ) that they are wrong , tell me ?......million of idiots ?.....but , you , of course , you have the solution , the light of the holy spirit ......maybe i am not so smart than you...:)﻿(u-)(r)
	 seeing how a million people agree with me. more I don't understand why you are trying to single me out. nice try though let me explain why you are wrong. the votes count up. there are more people that vote for someone else other than trump. you sir are the minority. we haven't hit ohio or Florida primary yet. and it seems to me ted is gaining ground and just won Kansas yesterday. no matter what you have to say you are wrong. the way trump acts is like a little kid, and is no way for a presidential candidate to act.﻿(u-)(r)(c-)
	 ...ok.........Cruz ..?....ultra extreme right ,a killer ...do you want this guy .?..ok.......everyone has his opinion...:)﻿(r)

Is Trump the first presidential candidate in history ever to say a crude penis size joke (2:08:02) in a nationally televised debate last night in front of millions of families???? (c-)
	.millions of families , as you said , like me , are living in the poverty , in the misery , we prefer Trump trying to help the underprivileged and talking about what you said .....i dont mind ...the others are politicians sponsored by lobbies and  corrupted "teams" of the stock market...:)....i vote Donald Trump , he si going to shake this corrupted country ..he can speak about this or that , i dont care.............﻿(c+)(r)
	how? he hasn't said anything beside he will win and make america great again. no plan how though still waiting on that.﻿(c-)
	look.....read his  program , he is surrounded by a lot of tremendous people , whatever , do you trust the others ..?....we know that he is going to help people ...but you can not  please everyone.......so , everyone has their opinion...:)﻿(c+)(r)(u-)
	can you give me the main points of trumps program, everybody has lied, so i can't trust anyone until i see results and nobody can please everyone so that goes for every candidate﻿(c-)
	well , with all the respect , read his site because its long to say ..we know what he is going to do..believe me , this country needs a man like that , the others are going to compromise with corrupted lobbies and others bullshits  , maybe you are fine with what you get  , good for you , , not me ........:)﻿ (c+)(r)(c-)
	i don't know what he is going to do because after multiple debates he hasn't said how he will change america, he just say he will change america but never how. and you must know the other candidates real well if you know what they're going to do﻿ (c-)
	you are right........bring back the job , main point ..stop the "privileges" of the corrupted stock market ..stop the "made in everywhere".. encouraged by the actors of the this stock market.....stop the invasion of people coming from nowhere ,......restore the trust ,......a decent health care for everybody , stop the corruption of the pharmaceuticals companies , etc.....:)﻿ (r)(c+)
	are you really so diluted that you actually believe that Donald trump gives two shits about you, people in poverty, or any ethical issues at all for that matter? I don't trust any of them, but I absolutely trust that Donald Trump's biggest fan is donald trump.﻿ (u-)(c-)

Damn Kasich did a good job , TRUMP i love you !﻿ (r)(c+)
	 Socialism is the government of the people not the corporate politicians as vice president Bernie gets things done... all it is is consumerism...﻿ (c-)

TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP OMGGGGGGG TRUMP MAKES ME WANT TO JACK OFF ON MY SCREEN﻿ (c-)

the politicians are so insignificant , so basic  , because they are politicians sponsored by crooked lobbies and the "teams"  of the stock market ...worse : they do not believe what they say............except TRUMP , this guy is not a f..politician....this man is the man...you  let the others run the country...we go straight to the disaster....:)﻿ (c-)(c+)(r)

Trump is absolutely right  about Poutine and Russia........﻿ (c+)(r)
	Putin is a thug and a murderer, but Trump thinks he's great because he praised Trump.  Trump is a little child.﻿ (c-)
	Exactly... Jimmy Carter commented on how easily Trump can be manipulated. Think of Putin.. he's not an idiot. Would you want your biggest rival to have a good leader? Or one that you could manipulate just by blowing his ego.﻿(c-)
	well, normally "poutine" is a Canadian dish; I've never really heard of it being popular in Russia.

Jesus, those idiots that keep screaming need to be removed from the theatre, and sterilized upon exit. The stupidity is astonishing.﻿ (u-)(r)
	Absolutely!  Why didn't security escort them out immediately?  It would have stopped within minutes.  Somebody dropped the ball.﻿(r)(u+)
	Why do u reply to everyones comment faggot?﻿ (u-)
	time to increase the meds, you poor thing.  BTW, I'm not gay - not that there"s anything wrong with that.﻿(u-)
	Because to respond to you, would disrespect logic.  You aren't intelligent enough to discern what he imparted to you, so you lashed out in anger and confusion.  Why should he belittle his own argument by acting as though you put forth anything worth comment on....﻿(u-)﻿



this o'reilly , when he said bye to Trump ..he just move his stupid hand to Melania ,....and , on top , was ignoring  completely the son of Mister Trump ..........unbelievable , but we know this  crooked redneck guy...:)﻿ (c-)

Cruz and Rubio are the worse ......they are corrupted like hell ...you dont believe that /..you get the wrong reasoning....they are sponsored by very wealthy south american people ...and  Donald Trump is aware about that......you can not trust them , impossible......Trump is the right guy..this country is in the process of drowning......Trump can do something , he has the "huevas" .....:)﻿ (c-)(c+)(r)
	huevo= egg in spanish. Trump has eggs?﻿
	This guy is a foreigner and a troll.  Ignore him - he doesn't know what's flying here and can't vote.﻿(u-)
	Trump... no.﻿(c-)
	actually, Cruz and Rubio want all of our freedoms back. And trump is just immature and only cares about how he replies to an argument with Cruz or Rubio.﻿(c+)(c-)(r)
	Cruz is an idiot, Rubio is a robot, Trump is a fascist. What a great Party﻿(c-)
	Trump immature .?...try to do what he did and is doing in his life , we can talk ..........sorry , you are ridiculous , but your are not alone in this country......fortunately , millions understood the message of Trump..among them , Harvard teachers , Stanford searchers , Nobel Price , great economist...but , whatever , for you he is immature.........a joke ....:)﻿(r)(u-)(c+)
	He is almost just like Hillary and she is scum. And yes he is immature all he does is argue without saying the good things he'll do for this country, but not much comes out of him that's good.﻿(r)(c-)
	its your opinion ..try to explain what you said to the millions of american voting Trump ...what are you going to say ..??..they are stupid ..?..Hillary a scum ..? you are not so wrong .......:)﻿(u-)(c+)(r)
	Trump IS immature and insecure. Seriously during a PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE he starts defending his hands.... He has a point to bring it up just to say it's not true, he doesn't act like an adult and just movie on. Trump is also a liar and as silver tounged as the other politicians.(c-)(u-)(u+)
	I agree﻿(u+)
	Taylor, Trump is a far bigger liar than just about any politician you can think of......Of course you are right, Amy.  Trump has the maturity of a four year old whose parents took away his toy because he wouldn't go to bed at bedtime.   But Hillary is even more evil than he is.  This guy with the French handle understands politics like I get zoology.  Being a low-information voter is hardly a crime, but thinking you know stuff when you're totally ignorant should be.  Someone tell this guy to stop posting.﻿(c-)(u+)(u-)
	All my information is sound, everything I've said is based. Trump is as bad as any politician.﻿(c-)
	You know I was referencing Marquis d'abrantes, right? The only point on which I disagreed with you, Taylor, is where you said Trump lies as much as any politician.  In fact he's far worse.﻿(u+)(c-)
	Oh, well that's a good point! He does lie MORE.﻿(c-)(u+)

Mexico is gong to pay for the wall... Trump is a joke﻿ (c-)
	A wall would work very well. I just don't understand how you can make another country pay for it.﻿(r)(c+)
"Nobody has ever hit my hands." already a lie 5 mins in﻿(c-)


Love Kasich's answer about selling to gay couples.﻿ (c+)

1:35:48 Good on you, Kasich. This was  less of a debate and more of a dog pile on Trump. Good to see someone resisting Fox's efforts to antagonize everyone to attack him.﻿ (c-)(c+)(m-)

A Real True Christian offers help to fix water contemanation  to those people. That are in such need !!!!!﻿ (u+)

Kick him off the plat form if he is only going to brag how High all Mighty he is!!! We just want to know what is he going to do about our country(c-)

whoever has the biggest dick should be our next president!﻿
	But I'm not running﻿ 

Cruz and Rubio sound so stupid saying what they think the people want.-- Donald president, Kasich vice president. Donald president figure, Kasich doing all the work. perfect!﻿(c-)(c+)(r)
	Do you really want Trump to be the face of America?(u-)

notice Trump's responses when hard facts hit his face... such a joke. Kasich IS the only adult. I'm a democrat and I would actually consider him.﻿ (c-)(c+)(d)
	oh right kasich the only adult ...gimme a break.. what is your point???..u have none﻿ (u-)
	LOL none of them are adults.﻿
	THAT is the problem with our political system, "I'm a democrat and I would actually consider him." It should not be based off of party loyalty. If a candidate is a clear best choice, choose them! (not ragging on you, but the stone-like ideology of staying loyal to ones party.)﻿ (u-)
	no you are not, you support their ideals but youre not getting the $$$$ that they are getting so no, you are not a democrat.﻿ (u-)
	The entire Modern day democratic party, has absolutely NOTHING in common with John F. Kennedy .
	You dont think lobbyism and corporations is the main problem with US right now? Because Socialism actually fights that?(u-)
	Thanks for the warning.﻿(u+)
	crazymanjohnchin, I guess you didn't read We The People's response, or else you didn't understand it.  Government managed economies always fail - see his (partial) list.  Private enterprise works when government stays out of the way, including the industry you referenced.  Detroit is Bernie Sanders's plan in action;  how's that working out?  Oh yeah,  they're bankrupt.﻿(u-)(r)
	When have we EVER had a government managed economy for the last 60 years? Did you not understand anything that I mentioned in the context of US history. Do you know the definition of lobbyism?(u-)(c-)
	Well, if you watch the debate... my point makes itself.﻿(u-)(d)
	My whole point in saying that is that even though I Identify as a democrat, I would consider him for being president so... I'm definitely not getting your point ﻿(d)
	Ya, I dont look down on you. It's just the way that you framed your comment, it was the perfect opportunity to make that point.﻿(u+)(d)

There's a resolution being debated in United Nations to put sanctions against US of A if Mr. Drumph gets the republican nomination as, just like WMD, their is serious evidence of him being sponsored by ISIS....;).﻿(c-)
I wish the audience would shut up and stop yelling when people are trying to talk.﻿

Trump for President  Ha! What A Double TALK ING Back Sliding Joke he is.﻿(c-)

It is despicable.  John Kasich is, by far, the only adult on that stage!  Trump is a friggin nine year old!﻿(c-)(r)(c+)
	Vote Kasich! he may not win the state but EVERY SINGLE VOTE WILL HELP﻿(c+)
Rubio is young but that could be a plus.  Too bad he is so slighted and too conservative.  He really seems bright and reasonable.....then again...robots have to be intelligent.....﻿(c+)(r)

Voldemort and Hitler should go start a country together, so we can bomb them when we don't agree with what they do!   🎶 'Merica, fuck yeah!!!  Buying guns and drinking beer!!! 🎶﻿(r)


Trump is about as American as it gets. The Trump spirit is wild, full of adventure , hard working, intelligent, a can do type person!﻿(c+)(r)
	The Trump spirit is for sure not the Christian Spirit.﻿(c-)
	dumb comment.﻿(u-)
	He's also ridiculously immature, violent, and inexperienced! YAY!﻿(c-)
	Born with a silver spoon stuff to his hair. LOL.﻿(c-)
	So?﻿(u-)(r)
	Your point being?﻿(u-)
	You're gay? ﻿(u-)(r)
	Yes. Do you have an issue with it?﻿(u-)
	Yes. Gay is wrong. ﻿(r)(u-)
	No. Gay is very right. GOD says so.﻿(u-)
	He very well might be the man America needs.﻿(c+)
	Also thinks he's the best when everyone actually hates him, yes I'd say he truly does embody the American spirit.﻿(c-)
	Not everybody on the planet hates anybody. Eye roll.﻿(u-)
	hahaha! Loved reading that😂﻿
	Sarcasm Right?﻿

This is a fucking embarrassment.﻿(c-)
	Other nations will take none of them seriously.﻿(c-)
	Disregarding my username, this is absolutely true. I live in Scandinavia and this is like watching the last season of a show called "USA". I really don't like to take sides and as someone who's been binging all of the political debate Trump and Hillary seems on equal grounds in regards to dishonesty. I get the impression Trump doesn't care why he lies, how often and how contradictory to plain-out known facts it sounds, as long as he doesn't lose face and Hillary just straight up lies for money. The most terrifying thing is people actually listen to either of them. (c-)(u+)
	Yeah I don't get their followers either... the best we could get would be Kasich or Bernie﻿(u+)(c+)(c-)

Lyin' Ted :)﻿ (c-)
	pencil dick donald?﻿(c-)(u+)

Our military is the strongest in the world, Cruz. It just needs an equipment upgrade and basic materials but it's far from weak. We need smarter funding for our military. Especially when we have the biggest military in the world. Plus Reagan may have helped the economy but he increased the deficit.﻿(c-)
	IKR? YAAAAY! 53% of discretionary spending going towards the military..... LETS INCREASE IT! What are we using it for?........ LETS INCREASE IT!﻿(u+)(c-)

What in the hell is this "debate"? It's just an interrogation and shit-slinging show. Personal attacks and very little real policy discussion.﻿(m-)
	entertainment.﻿(m+)(u+)
	That's a funny comment because on yahoo news, it was listed under entertainment lol.﻿(u+)
	Watch a Democratic debate if you want to hear real issues﻿(d)
	buck lol good one.﻿(u+)
	I'm sorry, you mean those democratic debates where they're practically hugging each other as they point out their flaws?(c-)
	ol you think a democrat is going to win? Please check out the head to head races of any democrat to a republican... no matter who wins the primaries the next president will be a democrat. And if you watched the last debate they're hardly hugging each other. Only difference is they're arguing about issues instead of hand size.﻿(c-)
	I seriously want to thank you " greatest candidate to become president of all time, Bernie Sanders. #feelthebern2k16" I was having a really bad morning and that got me laughing so hard I shot coffee out my nose! You do understand that NONE of the issues that you are "joining the revolution" to change, that the president has no enumerated power to do under our constitution. You get that right? Your messiah's fairy tale economic plan CLEARLY states that taxes will go up on all FAMILIES earning over the median national income level ($53,678.00) Are these the evil dynastic families and billionaires that your snowflake rage needs to get even with? Do YOU plan on ever trying to make more than that amount? Instead of digging in your neighbors pockets why don't all you leftist just pay more in taxes? You would know that the US treasury will take ANY additional money that you want to give to help with the general fund.﻿(c-)
	Yeah, "real issues" such as "racist" police forces or gender pay gaps...﻿(u+)
	Watch the debate. You have no idea what you're talking about. Thanks.﻿(u-)
	I tried, but it gave me a migraine. The left has really done its best to drive me away by being as dishonest and smugly self-satisfied as they've become.﻿(c-)

Kasich is the man﻿(c+)(r)
	Nobody even knows who he is.﻿
	that s the problem my friend! he never make it but he would be great for this country, instead we got lunatics on both sides.﻿(c+)(c-)(u+)(r)

Trump doesn't know Jack and he's killing it lol﻿(c+)(r)

Ted's voice annoys the hell out of me.﻿ (c-)
	It doesn't matter how a person sounds or looks it's all about what they can do for the country.﻿
	and his face is annoying too.﻿(c-)(u+)
	I agree.﻿(u+)

the better question is, should I even bother finishing watching this after 18:08. It seems like Kessich might be the only "adult" on stage so far.﻿(c-)(c+) (r)

Trump is a fucking moron.﻿ (c-)
	so are you!﻿(u-)

I LOVE DONALD TRUMP!!!﻿(c+)(r)
	You're wife #4﻿(u-)(c-)

How can Mexico be said to be "winning in trade" when Mexico is a Third World Country?﻿

Why wouldnt Americans want to work for a short season of five months since there is mass unemployment ?
	Trump's obviously lying about that, like he lies about everything else.﻿(c-)

I wonder what FDR, JFK, LBJ and RFK would think about these Republican 2016 candidates. Did FDR really rescue CAPITALISM for this. These people dont seem to realise the Neo-Liberal policies dont work. If you dont believe me look at the state of your country.﻿

even i love trump i am sure that america will not let him win it's about politics...they will do everything in order not to win trump...we want trump﻿(r)(c+)
	Please.... please stop.... for the sake of our country stop.﻿(c-)

One thing is for sure. Trump won't pick Cruz as a running mate. lol﻿
	No, probably not. But who WOULD he pick? That's what I wonder.﻿









