																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																			Total comments: 45
-------------------------------


Ron Paul deserves to be the republican nominee. Imagine Obama versus Ron Paul hehe Go Obama 2008!﻿(d)

Good on Anderson for picking up on Romney not even attempting to answer the first question! McCain was nearly asleep. Huckabee talking some common sense. Ron Paul on the front foot and won that first question easily. Out of 10: Paul 9, Huckabee 8, McCain 4, Romney 3.﻿
	Romney came out on top, McCain is just a liberal in Conservative clothing.﻿

ron paul﻿(r)

ron paul﻿(r)

Vote Huckabee!﻿(r)

Ron Paul as Obama's VP!﻿(d)
	are you out of your mind???  Ron Paul would never endorse that silver tongued fraud...and that is what obama is. Obama, along with most of the others just say "Trust me, it's time for change. I am change." but none of them tell you how to, or what plan they have. But our great american Ron Paul does.﻿(r)(c-)(c+)(u-)

Hilary Clinton is more suitable than any Republican I know.﻿(d)(c+)

quite frankly, mccain scares me. He's so old, and i don't care about his mama, i mean. Come on, what if he takes after his daddy? Plus he doesn't strike me a conservitive. Ron Paul says all the right things, but i dont know if he'll do it....but thats the gamble right? I mean, Bush promised to fix social security (he didn't)....but that's the way it goes. I just hope who ever gets the nominating will stick to his guns rather than betray us to his own personal greed. =3﻿(r)(c-)
	is it just me, or do they ignore him a lot? I mean, i know he isn't doing fabulous in the polls, but it's not good form to willfully skip over a viable candidate.(r)﻿(u-)
	Who?﻿
	of course they skip over ron paul. He is getting 1/3 of the airtime of the rest of them.﻿(r)(u+)
	
Clintons are in the CFR and they are the same as the bushes.... bush,clinton,bush,clinton.... see a pattern?﻿(c-)

the first question played right into Ron Paul's pessimism. the guy depresses the shit out of me lol.(c-)

Their entire industry is about censorship.  No one is allowed on TV unless they are completely "safe".  Ron Paul is a danger because he wakes people up.﻿﻿(r)(c+)

Hey CNN, I believe this is called the REPUBLICAN DEBATE not the McClain/Romney Debate. Get your heads out of your asses and give more time to RON PAUL you ignorant bastards.(r)
	is it just are do the media ignore rupaul alot y?﻿(r)(u+)

I used to think the Anderson Cooper was a fair and straight guy, but the way he tried to stop Ron Paul from telling the truth, AC you should be ashamed of yourself, I guess the whole Katrina thing that you were reporting looking for fairness and justice was just a PR thing to promote your image, you're nothing but another RUDY Guilliani﻿(r)(m-)

McCain: What happened? Ron Paul: Some one set us up the moeny bomb! Huckabee: We get signal... McCain: What? Huckabee: Main screen turn on.. Ron Paul: Its you!!! AC: How are you gentlemen... All Ron Paul's time are belong to us!!!﻿(r)

If i had a nickel for everytime Huckabee made the other candidates look like idiots....﻿(r)(c+)



